It's another way to create an object is with the object got to create method using object that creates
creates a new object, but it uses another object as its prototype.
What do I mean?
We will not be getting into politics now because I want us to keep focused.
We are going to have a whole section of bonus section on prototypes and I'm going to be taking you through
it.
Just in case you've got the itch, you can think of a prototype as an object from which other objects
can borrow properties and methods they need.
I just wanted to show you what a prototype is before we move on, because otherwise I know it's like
me, I'm going to be itching, not understanding, and I'm going to want to know.
So I thought, let me just quickly show you.
So let's create a constructor function.
And it's cool that person.
And it should say this name equals one he.
And remember the second step to construct a function?
That's right, we define a new variable and we instantiate that object.
So let's create a user and it say that equals new person.
So look at this user name is Wally.
We know that because it's used the constructor function, it's already set it up for it.
But if I just log, use it to the screen, look good.
We get we get this person object was a property value name value p.
Makes sense.
If I open up this object to this, we get a product.
Property, and if I open that up, we get a constructor function that points to this person object that
we've defined, that is our constructor function.
And then it's got this other proto property.
That's what I mean by prototypes.
This object user has inherited certain methods and properties because we've defined a constructor function.
Don't get too confused yet.
Like I said, we're going to have a whole bonus section.
Just wanted to quickly show you kind of what I mean when we're talking about prototypes.
Let's get back into the ledger.
The cool thing with object tocreate is that you can create an object without having to define a constructor
function.
This means you don't need the new keyword.
So how do we create it?
Well, it takes two arguments.
It takes a prototype argument, which is mandatory.
We have to put in something because you have to tell your newly created object way to inherit its prototype
from.
And the second argument is optional where you can define properties.
Let's have a look at a few examples.